
for each exercise time:

    (3) Accumulate cash flows for the product and for the hedge up to
        next exercise time.

        - just as in AccountingEngine. Iterate on any evolution time
          which is not an exercise time. Cashflows must be expressed
          in units of numeraire---which AccountingEngine does already,
          so we can copy the code.

    (4) Compute the unexercise value of the hedge by Monte Carlo.

        - Here the engine must spawn a sub-simulation. Preliminary
          steps are a) create or update an evolver which resets at
          this step and state (probably of the same actual type of the
          outer one, so some virtual cloning method is required; this
          in turn should create a new Brownian generator with the
          correct dimensionality.  Some kind of view must be imposed
          over the old market model and numeraire vector so that we
          don't see the past;)  b) create or update an accounting
          engine to calculate the simulated value of the hedge.

        - Choice 1 (more likely at this time:) for each sub-path we
          reset the hedge to the beginning of the outer path and
          re-evolve it up to this point with the stored curve states
          for this outer path.  Choice 2 (still to be investigated,
          depends on how efficient is the copy constructor for our
          objects:) make a clone of the hedge in the current state and
          reset the hedge at the beginning of each sub-path by copying
          the clone

            - If we go for choice 1, we might use the existing hedge
              instance for the sub-simulation and re-evolve it to this
              step for each sub-path, or we could leave this instance
              alone and create (just once) a clone on which we do the
              same;

    (5) See whether the lower strategy says to exercise.

    (6) If strategy says exercise, value at this point is difference
        of accumulated cash-flows up to this point. Update total cash
        flows for hedge by difference of price of hedge and exercise
        value.

        - as in AccountingEngine, we use Discounters to express the
          difference as units of numeraire.

    (7) If strategy says do not exercise, value is exercise value plus
        accumulated cashflows for product minus accumulated cashflows
        for hedge and the unexercise value of the hedge.

    (8) Update maximum.

